To serve full-time,
That’s been our goal.
It opens up
More ways to serve whole-souled.
So if not now
And if not here,
This chance might slip away
And disappear.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back, not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Jehovah knows;
Jehovah sees.
Before we ask,
He knows the needs of each.
Though it might seem
Beyond our reach,
Let’s put our trust in him
And take the leap.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back, not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
So let’s go through
This open door.
Things left behind
Will be replaced and more,
Not only now
But all that God has in store—
The life to come
Forevermore.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back and not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Let’s take the leap;
Let’s not hold back.
Let’s not give in to doubt;
Let’s not miss out.
We’ll go in faith,
Not looking back and not behind.
Let’s look ahead
With peace of mind.
Let’s take the leap.